Starting in 1957, Mauritius was a branch that was looking after the Seychelles and the
island of Rodriguez.
Recently though, Mauritius has come under the oversight of France.
As we left Mauritius, the 40 members of our former Bethel family and the 10 brothers and
sisters at the remote translation office in the Seychelles, they made sure to send their
warm Christian love to all of you here at the complexes.
In 1956, one could read in the yearbook, Mauritius is surely one of the most isolated spots
on the entire surface of the globe.
And when Brother Nor visited the island in the late 50s, he is reported to have said,
I have come to the end of the earth.
And this is not an exaggeration because further south, there is nothing else but the south
pole.
Yes, it is indeed a small island in the Indian Ocean a bit closer to Africa than to Australia.
However, it is a very beautiful island, a slice of paradise, white beaches, palms, sapphire
waters and volcanic mountains.
Of the 1.3 million inhabitants, half of them are Hindus, a third Christians and the rest
Muslim and other minorities.
Despite differences in culture, religion and language, they have all learned to live
intolerance and peace.
The official languages are English and French, but most people prefer to speak Mauritian
Creole.
People are polite and friendly and listen respectfully when we preach to them.
But some really search for the truth.
Margaret started searching when she was 16.
She converted from the Catholic faith to become a Muslim.
But due to pressure from her parents, she also left the Muslim religion.
At the age of 20, she married Steve and started to search for the true religion again.
She joined a Christian group and after only a few weeks, she was baptized in that religion.
She associated with members of that faith, but she says, I was drawn into alcohol and smoking.
So this made the marriage very tense.
There was both verbal abuse and violence.
Steve was also drinking a lot.
Margaret says, we were quarreling all the time and I left Steve about 10 times and went
back to live with my parents.
Our marriage was in pieces.
Our twin girls were afraid of us and there was hardly any communication between us.
Steve's boss at work is one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
He started to talk to Steve and Steve shared what he heard with Margaret.
He says, I wanted to meet the witnesses.
So it was arranged for a pioneer couple to visit us.
We accepted a Bible study right away and attended the meetings that same week.
So what effect did the Bible study have?
Would Jehovah's help and earnest efforts?
Both of them were able to break free from their bad habits.
I fell in love with Steve again, says Margaret.
We now have a happy family life and the children don't hesitate to approach us anymore.
Steve and Margaret were baptized at the last regional convention and applied as auxiliary
pioneers right away.
The twins Stella and still are baptized publishers.
Seeing how the truth transformed their lives, Margaret's mother and sister-in-law started
to study and so did her aunt, her nieces, her cousins and even some of their neighbors
Steve's sister Rosie and her two daughters also accepted this study.
And today Rosie and her two daughters Sorrella and Brigitte are unbaptized publishers.
The 2,185 publishers on the islands were overjoyed to welcome more than 5,000 at the memorial
this year.
So there is good potential for further growth in one of the most isolated spots on the
entire surface of the globe.